[Update] README content and year (#327)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: README.md

# ArcGIS Maps SDK for Swift Samples

This repository contains Swift sample code demonstrating the capabilities of the [ArcGIS Maps SDK for Swift](https://developers.arcgis.com/swift/) and how to use those capabilities in your own app. The project can be opened in Xcode and run on a simulator or a device.

## Features

* Maps - Open, create, interact with and save maps
* Scenes - Visualize 3D environments and symbols
* Layers - Display vector and raster data in maps and scenes
* Augmented Reality - View data overlaid on the real world through your device's camera
* Visualization - Show graphics, popups, callouts, sketches, and style maps with symbols and renderers
* Edit and Manage Data - Add, delete, and edit features and attachments, and taking data offline
* Search and Query - Find addresses, places, and points of interest
* Routing and Logistics - Calculate routes between locations and around barriers
* Analysis - Perform spatial analysis via geoprocessing tasks and services

> * Cloud and Portal - Search for webmaps and securely connect to your portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cloud and Portal - Search for web maps and securely connect to your portal
```

Is this supposed to be one word?

Author: web map indeed: https://support.esri.com/en-us/gis-dictionary/search?q=web+map
